### Worth: 20 points

### Purpose

- This assignment asks you to extend your Interpreter to include additional control flow. 

### Grammar

As before, your interpreter employs an ad-hoc scanner and a recursive-descent parser. The parser builds
a strongly typed parse tree, which is then traversed and evaluated. A grammar for the extended source
language is:

```
prog     : block
block    : stmt ';' block
         | stmt
stmt     : assn
         | 'rd' id
         | 'wr' expr
         | 'if' boolexpr 'then' stmt
         | 'if' boolexpr 'then' stmt 'else' stmt
         | 'while' boolexpr 'do' stmt
         | 'begin' block 'end'
assn     : id '=' expr
expr     : term addop expr
         | term
term     : fact mulop term
         | fact
fact     : id 
         | num
         | '(' expr ')'
         | '-' fact
boolexpr : expr relop expr
addop    : '+'
         | '-'
mulop    : '*'
         | '/'
relop    : '<'
         | '<='
         | '>'
         | '>='
         | '<>'
         | '=='
```

### Assignment

There are several parts:

- Extend your scanner to recognize the new keywords and operators.
- Extend your parser to recognize the new statements and expressions.
- Extend your evaluator to execute the new constructs (look at the Node classes!).
- Extend your arithmetic operations to include negative numbers
- Coerce ints and booleans to be of type double, if needed
  - You can represent boolean values as double values (e.g., 1.0 and 0.0);  
- Test your solution thoroughly.

### Hints

- `rd` means to read a user-defined double from the console and store it in the environment as the value for the id
- Note: do not use prompts!!!!
- `<>` means `!=`
- the `begin`/`end` block is a fancy way of embedding multiple statements inside of other statements
- be sure you can pass the following tests: `-(-(-4))` and `-(-(4))` and '1-2-3-4`

### Example

Here is one of the test cases that I will use:
```
rd a; 
rd b; 
while a<>b do
    if a>b then
        a=a-b
    else
        b=b-a;
wr a
```
It will read in two numbers from the user. If I input `15` and `25`, it should compute the greatest common denominator, which is 5. 

Here is an example test case that calculates the Fibonacci sequence:
```
rd n;
if n <= 2 then
    wr 1
else
begin
    a = 1;
    b = 1;
    i = 3;
    while i <= n do
    begin
        temp = a;
        a = a + b;
        b = temp;
        i = i + 1
    end;
    wr a
end
```
Feel free to share test cases with each other in the comments below. 

### Submission

- Make sure all of your python files are in one folder (i.e., no packages). Submit from within that folder. 
- Submit using the onyx submit system (case sensitive!): `submit CASEYKENNINGTON pl i4`