
HOME-USE END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MICROSOFT SOFTWARE IMPORTANT READ
CAREFULLY: This Home-Use End-User License Agreement ("HOME-USE EULA") is a
legal agreement between you (an individual) and Microsoft Corporation for the
Microsoft software that accompanies this HOME-USE EULA, which includes
associated media and Microsoft Internet-based services ("Software"). An
amendment or addendum to this HOME-USE EULA may accompany the Software. YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS HOME-USE EULA BY INSTALLING, COPYING,
OR USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE
SOFTWARE; YOU MAY RETURN IT TO YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A FULL REFUND, IF
APPLICABLE. YOU MAY ONLY INSTALL AND USE THE SOFTWARE IF YOU ARE (A) EMPLOYED
BY AN ORGANIZATION THAT HAS A MICROSOFT VOLUME LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH SOFTWARE
ASSURANCE (THE "CUSTOMER"); AND (B) THE PRIMARY USER OF A LICENSED COPY OF THE
SOFTWARE WITH ACTIVE SOFTWARE ASSURANCE. 1. GRANT OF LICENSE. Microsoft grants
you the following rights, provided that you comply with all terms and
conditions of this HOME-USE EULA: 1.1 Installation and use. You may install
and use a copy of the Software on one personal computer or other device
located within your home. 1.2 License Grant for Remote Desktop. You may use
remote access technologies, such as the Remote Desktop features in Microsoft
Windows or NetMeeting, to access and use your licensed copy of the Software,
provided that only the primary user of the device hosting the remote desktop
session accesses and uses the Software with a remote access device. These
remote desktop rights do not permit you to use the Software on both the device
hosting the remote desktop session and the access device at the same time. 1.3
License Grant for Remote Assistance. You may permit any device to access and
use your licensed copy of the Software for the sole purpose of providing you
with technical support and maintenance services. 1.4 License Grant for Media
Elements. The Software may include certain photographs, clip art, templates,
shapes, animations, sounds, music and video clips that are identified in the
Software for your use (together "Media Elements"). You may copy and modify the
Media Elements, and license, display and distribute them, along with your
modifications as part of your software products and services, including your
web sites, but you are not licensed to do any of the following: " You may not
sell, license or distribute copies of the Media Elements by themselves or as
part of any collection, product or service if the primary value of the product
or service is in the Media Elements. " You may not grant customers of your
product or service any rights to license or distribute the Media Elements. "
You may not license or distribute any of the Media Elements that include
representations of identifiable individuals, governments, logos, initials,
emblems, trademarks, or entities for any commercial purposes or to express or
imply any endorsement or association with any product, service, entity, or
activity. " You may not create obscene or scandalous works, as defined by
federal law at the time the work is created, using the Media Elements. In
addition, you must (a) indemnify and defend Microsoft from and against any
claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees that arise from or result from
the licensing, use or distribution of Media Elements as modified by you, and
(b) include a valid copyright notice on your products and services that
include the Media Elements. 1.5 License Grant for Documentation. The
documentation that accompanies the Software is licensed for internal,
non-commercial reference purposes only. 1.6 License Grant for Templates. The
Software may include document templates. You may copy and modify the document
templates available as part of the Microsoft software that accompanies this
HOME-USE EULA and distribute such templates along with your modifications for
use by other licensees of the Software. You also may copy, modify and
distribute the templates available through related Internet-based services
along with your modifications for use by other licensees of the Software, but
only for personal or commercial correspondence involving person-to-person
communication. You are not licensed to do any of the following: " You may not
sell, resell, license, rent, lease, lend, or otherwise transfer for value, the
templates. " You may not distribute the templates available via Internet-based
services as part of any product or service. " You may not copy or post any
templates available through Internet-based services on any network computer or
broadcast it in any media. You must indemnify and defend Microsoft against any
claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that arise from or result from
the licensing or distribution of the templates as modified by you. 2.
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS 2.1 Expiration of Rights. Your
rights to the Software set forth in Section 1 shall automatically expire if at
any time you (a) are no longer employed by the Customer; or (b) are no longer
the primary user of a licensed copy of the Software with active Software
Assurance; or (c) install any other version of the Software that is subject to
a HOME-USE EULA. In either such event, you must cease use of the Software,
uninstall it from the computer or device on which you installed it and destroy
all copies of the Software and all of its component parts. 2.2 Government
Employees. It is Microsoft's intent that the terms of this HOME USE EULA be in
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Therefore, if the
Customer that employs you is the U.S. Government or any state or local
government within the United States, the Software is licensed to you for the
sole use and benefit of the Customer for Customer purposes only, and may not
be used for your personal use unless so authorized by Customer's ethics
office. If the Customer that employs you is a government outside the United
States, you can use the Software for your personal needs unless otherwise
prohibited by any applicable laws, policies or regulations, in which event the
Software is licensed to you for the sole use and benefit of the Customer. 2.3
Mandatory Activation. THERE ARE TECHNOLOGICAL MEASURES IN THIS SOFTWARE THAT
ARE DESIGNED TO PREVENT UNLICENSED USE OF THE SOFTWARE. You may not be able to
exercise your rights to the Software under this HOME-USE EULA after a finite
number of product launches unless you activate your copy of the Software in
the manner described during the launch sequence. You may also need to
reactivate the Software if you modify your computer hardware or alter the
Software. Microsoft will use those measures to confirm you have a legally
licensed copy of the Software. If you are not using a licensed copy of the
Software, you are not allowed to install the Software or future Software
updates. Microsoft will not collect any personally identifiable information
from your device during this process. 2.4 Internet-Based Services. You may not
use any Microsoft Internet-based services associated with the Software in any
manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair such services or
interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of them. You may not
attempt to gain unauthorized access to any service, account, computer systems
or networks associated with the Internet-based services. 2.5
Speech/Handwriting Recognition. If the Software includes speech and/or
handwriting recognition component(s), you should understand that speech and
handwriting recognition are inherently statistical processes; that recognition
errors are inherent in the processes; that it is your responsibility to
provide for the handling of such errors and to monitor the recognition
processes and correct any errors. Neither Microsoft nor its suppliers shall be
liable for any damages arising out of errors in the speech and handwriting
recognition processes. 2.6 Report-Writing Runtime Software Limitations. The
Software may contain reportwriting runtime software ("Runtime Software").
Other than use with the Software, you may not use the Runtime Software with
any other software application nor use the Runtime Software as part of any
process or system that is used to automatically deliver, share or distribute
documents or other work created using the Runtime Software. 3. RESERVATION OF
RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted to
you in this HOME-USE EULA. The Software is protected by copyright and other
intellectual property laws and treaties. Microsoft or its suppliers own the
title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Software. The
Software is licensed, not sold. This HOME-USE EULA does not grant you any
rights to trademarks or service marks of Microsoft. 4. LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE
ENGINEERING, DECOMPILATION, AND DISASSEMBLY. You may not reverse engineer,
decompile, or disassemble the Software, except and only to the extent that
such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this
limitation. 5. NO RENTAL/COMMERCIAL HOSTING. You may not rent, lease, lend or
provide commercial hosting services with the Software. 6. CONSENT TO USE OF
DATA. You agree that Microsoft and its affiliates may collect and use
technical information gathered as part of the product support services
provided to you, if any, related to the Software. Microsoft may use this
information solely to improve our products or to provide customized services
or technologies to you and will not disclose this information in a form that
personally identifies you. 7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES. Microsoft is not
responsible for the contents of any third-party sites or services, any links
contained in third-party sites or services, or any changes or updates to
third-party sites or services. Microsoft is providing these links and access
to third-party sites and services to you only as a convenience, and the
inclusion of any link or access does not imply an endorsement by Microsoft of
the third-party site or service. 8. ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE/SERVICES. This
HOME-USE EULA applies to updates, supplements, add-on components, or
Internet-based services components, of the Software that Microsoft may provide
to you or make available to you after the date you obtain your initial copy of
the Software, unless they are accompanied by separate terms. Microsoft
reserves the right to discontinue Internet-based services provided to you or
made available to you through the use of the Software. 9. UPGRADES. To use
Software identified as an upgrade, you must first be licensed for the software
identified by Microsoft as eligible for the upgrade. After installing the
upgrade, you may no longer use the original software that formed the basis for
your upgrade eligibility, except as part of the upgraded software. 10.
ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE. To use Software identified as "Academic Edition" or
"AE," you must be a "Qualified Educational User." For qualification-related
questions, please contact the Microsoft Sales Information Center/One Microsoft
Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399 or the Microsoft subsidiary serving your country.
11. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You acknowledge that the Software is subject to U.S.
export jurisdiction. You agree to comply with all applicable international and
national laws that apply to the Software, including the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use, and destination
restrictions issued by U.S. and other governments. For additional information
see <http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/>. 12. SEPARATION OF COMPONENTS. The
Software is licensed as a single product. Its component parts may not be
separated for use on more than one device. 13. SOFTWARE TRANSFER. Internal.
You may transfer your copy of the Software to a different device. After the
transfer, you must completely remove the Software from the former device. No
Transfer to Third Party. You may not transfer, including by way of indirect
transfer, such as a consignment, this HOME-USE EULA, the Software or the
Certificate of Authenticity (if applicable) to any other end user. 14.
TERMINATION. Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may terminate
this HOME-USE EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this
HOMEUSE EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Software and
all of its component parts. 15. LIMITED WARRANTY FOR SOFTWARE ACQUIRED IN THE
US AND CANADA. Microsoft warrants that the Software will perform substantially
in accordance with the accompanying materials for a period of ninety (90) days
from the date of receipt. If an implied warranty or condition is created by
your state/jurisdiction and federal or state/provincial law prohibits
disclaimer of it, you also have an implied warranty or condition, BUT ONLY AS
TO DEFECTS DISCOVERED DURING THE PERIOD OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY (NINETY
DAYS). AS TO ANY DEFECTS DISCOVERED AFTER THE NINETY DAY PERIOD, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. Some states/jurisdictions do not allow
limitations on how long an implied warranty or condition lasts, so the above
limitation may not apply to you. Any supplements or updates to the Software,
including without limitation, any (if any) service packs or hot fixes provided
to you after the expiration of the ninety day Limited Warranty period are not
covered by any warranty or condition, express, implied or statutory.
LIMITATION ON REMEDIES; NO CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES. Your exclusive
remedy for any breach of this Limited Warranty is as set forth below. Except
for any refund elected by Microsoft, YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO ANY DAMAGES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, if the Software does not
meet Microsoft's Limited Warranty, and, to the maximum extent allowed by
applicable law, even if any remedy fails of its essential purpose. The terms
of Section 17 ("Exclusion of Incidental, Consequential and Certain Other
Damages") are also incorporated into this Limited Warranty. Some
states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you. This Limited Warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may have other
rights which vary from state/jurisdiction to state/jurisdiction. YOUR
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. Microsoft's and its suppliers' entire liability and your
exclusive remedy for any breach of this Limited Warranty or for any other
breach of this HOME-USE EULA or for any other liability relating to the
Software shall be, at Microsoft's option from time to time exercised subject
to applicable law, (a) return of the amount paid (if any) for the Software, or
(b) repair or replacement of the Software, that does not meet this Limited
Warranty and that is returned to Microsoft with a copy of your receipt. You
will receive the remedy elected by Microsoft without charge, except that you
are responsible for any expenses you may incur (e.g. cost of shipping the
Software to Microsoft). This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the
Software has resulted from accident, abuse, misapplication, abnormal use or a
virus. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the
original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, and
Microsoft will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide your remedy
within a commercially reasonable time of your compliance with Microsoft's
warranty remedy procedures. Outside the United States or Canada, neither these
remedies nor any product support services offered by Microsoft are available
without proof of purchase from an authorized international source. To exercise
your remedy, contact: Microsoft, Attn. Microsoft Sales Information Center/One
Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399, or the Microsoft subsidiary serving your
country. 16. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. The Limited Warranty that appears above
is the only express warranty made to you and is provided in lieu of any other
express warranties or similar obligations (if any) created by any advertising,
documentation, packaging, or other communications. Except for the Limited
Warranty and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Microsoft and
its suppliers provide the Software and support services (if any) AS IS AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, and hereby disclaim all other warranties and conditions,
whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any (if
any) implied warranties, duties or conditions of merchantability, of fitness
for a particular purpose, of reliability or availability, of accuracy or
completeness of responses, of results, of workmanlike effort, of lack of
viruses, and of lack of negligence, all with regard to the Software, and the
provision of or failure to provide support or other services, information,
software, and related content through the Software or otherwise arising out of
the use of the Software. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE,
QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE. 17. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR
OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF
PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE
CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER)
ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER SERVICES,
INFORMATON, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS HOME-USE EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF
CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF
MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
18. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. Notwithstanding any damages that you
might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all
damages referenced herein and all direct or general damages in contract or
anything else), the entire liability of Microsoft and any of its suppliers
under any provision of this HOME-USE EULA and your exclusive remedy hereunder
(except for any remedy of repair or replacement elected by Microsoft with
respect to any breach of the Limited Warranty) shall be limited to the greater
of the actual damages you incur in reasonable reliance on the Software up to
the amount actually paid by you for the Software or US$5.00. The foregoing
limitations, exclusions and disclaimers (including Sections 15, 16 and 17)
shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, even if any
remedy fails its essential purpose. 19. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired this
Software in the United States, this HOME-USE EULA is governed by the laws of
the State of Washington. If you acquired this Software in Canada, unless
expressly prohibited by local law, this HOME-USE EULA is governed by the laws
in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada; and, in respect of any dispute
which may arise hereunder, you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and
provincial courts sitting in Toronto, Ontario. If you acquired this Software
in the European Union, Iceland, Norway, or Switzerland, then local law
applies. If you acquired this Software in any other country, then local law
may apply. 20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY. This HOME-USE EULA (including
any addendum or amendment to this HOME-USE EULA which is included with the
Software) is the entire agreement between you and Microsoft relating to the
Software and the support services (if any) and they supersede all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and representations
with respect to the Software or any other subject matter covered by this
HOME-USE EULA. To the extent the terms of any Microsoft policies or programs
for support services conflict with the terms of this HOMEUSE EULA, the terms
of this HOME-USE EULA shall control. If any provision of this HOME-USE EULA is
held to be void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall
continue in full force and effect. Si vous avez acquis votre produit Microsoft
au CANADA, la garantie limitésuivante vous concerne : GARANTIE LIMITÉ
Microsoft garantit que le Logiciel fonctionnera conformént aux documents
inclus pendant une péode de 90 jours suivant la date de réption. Si une
garantie ou condition implicite est cré par votre Éat ou votre territoire et
qu'une loi férale ou provinciale ou Éat en interdit le dé, vous jouissez
élement d'une garantie ou condition implicite, MAIS UNIQUEMENT POUR LES DÉAUTS
DÉOUVERTS DURANT LA PÉIODE DE LA PRÉENTE GARANTIE LIMITÉ (QUATRE-VINGT-DIX
JOURS). IL N'Y A AUCUNE GARANTIE OU CONDITION DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT
QUANT AUX DÉAUTS DÉOUVERTS APRÈ CETTE PÉIODE DE QUATRE-VINGT-DIX JOURS.
Certains Éats ou territoires ne permettent pas de limiter la duréd'une
garantie ou condition implicite de sorte que la limitation cidessus peut ne
pas s'appliquer àous. Tous les supplénts ou toutes les mises àour relatifs au
Logiciel, notamment, les ensembles de services ou les rérations àhaud (le cas
éét) qui vous sont fournis aprèl'expiration de la péode de quatre-vingt-dix
jours de la garantie limiténe sont pas couverts par quelque garantie ou
condition que ce soit, expresse ou implicite. LIMITATION DES RECOURS; ABSENCE
DE DOMMAGES INDIRECTS OU AUTRES. Votre recours exclusif pour toute violation
de la prénte garantie limitéest déit ciaprè Sauf pour tout remboursement au
choix de Microsoft, si le Logiciel ne respecte pas la garantie limitéde
Microsoft et, dans la mesure maximale permise par les lois applicables, mê si
tout recours n'atteint pas son but essentiel, VOUS N'AVEZ DROIT ÀAUCUNS
DOMMAGES, NOTAMMENT DES DOMMAGES INDIRECTS. Les modalitéde la clause
«Exclusion des dommages accessoires, indirects et de certains autres dommages
» sont élement intéé àa prénte garantie limité Certains Éats ou territoires ne
permettent pas l'exclusion ou la limitation des dommages indirects ou
accessoires de sorte que la limitation ou l'exclusion cidessus peut ne pas
s'appliquer àous. La prénte garantie limitévous donne des droits léux
spéfiques. Vous pouvez avoir d'autres droits qui peuvent varier d'un
territoire ou d'un Éat àn autre. VOTRE RECOURS EXCLUSIF. L'obligation intéale
de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs et votre recours exclusif seront, selon le
choix de Microsoft de temps àutre sous rérve de toute loi applicable, a) le
remboursement du prix payéle cas éét, pour le Logiciel ou b) la rération ou le
remplacement du Logiciel qui ne respecte pas la prénte garantie limitéet qui
est retourné Microsoft avec une copie de votre reç Vous recevrez la
compensation choisie par Microsoft, sans frais, sauf que vous ês responsable
des dénses que vous pourriez engager (p. ex., les frais d'envoi du Logiciel
àicrosoft). La prénte garantie limitéest nulle si la déctuositéu Logiciel est
causépar un accident, un usage abusif, une mauvaise application, un usage
anormal ou un virus. Tout Logiciel de remplacement sera garanti pour le reste
de la péode de garantie initiale ou pendant trente (30) jours, selon la plus
longue entre ces deux péodes. Àl'extéeur des Éats-Unis ou du Canada, ces
recours ou l'un quelconque des services de soutien technique offerts par
Microsoft ne sont pas disponibles sans preuve d'achat d'une source
internationale autorisé Pour exercer votre recours, vous devez communiquer
avec Microsoft et vous adresser au Microsoft Sales Information Center/One
Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399, ou àa filiale de Microsoft de votre
pays. DÉI DE GARANTIES. La garantie limitémentionnéci-dessus constitue la
seule garantie expresse qui vous est donnéet remplace toutes autres garanties
expresses (s'il en est) mentionné dans un document ou sur un emballage. Sauf
en ce qui a trait àa garantie limitéet dans la mesure maximale permise par les
lois applicables, le Logiciel et les services de soutien technique (le cas
éét) sont fournis TELS QUELS ET AVEC TOUS LES DÉAUTS par Microsoft et ses
fournisseurs, lesquels par les préntes déent toutes autres garanties et
conditions expresses, implicites ou en vertu de la loi, notamment (le cas éét)
les garanties, devoirs ou conditions implicites de qualitéarchande,
d'adaptation àn usage particulier, d'exactitude ou d'exhaustivitées rénses,
des réltats, des efforts déoyéselon les rèes de l'art, d'absence de virus et
de néigence, le tout à'érd du Logiciel et de la prestation des services de
soutien technique ou de l'omission d'une telle prestation. PAR AILLEURS, IL
N'Y A AUCUNE GARANTIE OU CONDITION QUANT AU TITRE DE PROPRIÉÉ ÀLA JOUISSANCE
OU LA POSSESSION PAISIBLE, ÀLA CONCORDANCE ÀUNE DESCRIPTION NI QUANT ÀUNE
ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇN CONCERNANT LE LOGICIEL. EXCLUSION DES DOMMAGES
ACCESSOIRES, INDIRECTS ET DE CERTAINS AUTRES DOMMAGES. DANS LA MESURE MAXIMALE
PERMISE PAR LES LOIS APPLICABLES, EN AUCUN CAS MICROSOFT OU SES FOURNISSEURS
NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DES DOMMAGES SPÉIAUX, CONSÉUTIFS, ACCESSOIRES OU
INDIRECTS DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT (NOTAMMENT, LES DOMMAGES ÀL'ÉARD DU
MANQUE ÀGAGNER OU DE LA DIVULGATION DE RENSEIGNEMENTS CONFIDENTIELS OU AUTRES,
DE LA PERTE D'EXPLOITATION, DE BLESSURES CORPORELLES, DE LA VIOLATION DE LA
VIE PRIVÉ, DE L'OMISSION DE REMPLIR TOUT DEVOIR, Y COMPRIS D'AGIR DE BONNE FOI
OU D'EXERCER UN SOIN RAISONNABLE, DE LA NÉLIGENCE ET DE TOUTE AUTRE PERTE
PÉUNIAIRE OU AUTRE PERTE DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT) SE RAPPORTANT DE
QUELQUE MANIÈE QUE CE SOIT ÀL'UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL OU ÀL'INCAPACITÉDE S'EN
SERVIR, ÀLA PRESTATION OU ÀL'OMISSION D'UNE TELLE PRESTATION DE SERVICES DE
SOUTIEN TECHNIQUE OU AUTREMENT AUX TERMES DE TOUTE DISPOSITION DU PRÉENT
HOME-USE EULA OU RELATIVEMENT ÀUNE TELLE DISPOSITION, MÊE EN CAS DE FAUTE, DE
DÉIT CIVIL (Y COMPRIS LA NÉLIGENCE), DE RESPONSABILITÉSTRICTE, DE VIOLATION DE
CONTRAT OU DE VIOLATION DE GARANTIE DE MICROSOFT OU DE TOUT FOURNISSEUR ET MÊE
SI MICROSOFT OU TOUT FOURNISSEUR A ÉÉAVISÉDE LA POSSIBILITÉDE TELS DOMMAGES.
LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉET RECOURS. Malgrées dommages que vous puissiez
subir pour quelque motif que ce soit (notamment, tous les dommages
susmentionnéet tous les dommages directs ou géraux), l'obligation intéale de
Microsoft et de l'un ou l'autre de ses fournisseurs aux termes de toute
disposition du prént HOME-USE EULA et votre recours exclusif à'érd de tout ce
qui préde (sauf en ce qui concerne tout recours de rération ou de remplacement
choisi par Microsoft à'érd de tout manquement àa garantie limité se limite au
plus événtre les montants suivants : le montant que vous avez rélement payéour
le Logiciel ou 5,00 $US. Les limites, exclusions et dés qui prédent (y compris
les clauses ci-dessus), s'appliquent dans la mesure maximale permise par les
lois applicables, mê si tout recours n'atteint pas son but essentiel. La
prénte Convention est rée par les lois de la province d'Ontario, Canada.
Chacune des parties àa prénte reconnaîirrécablement la compénce des tribunaux
de la province d'Ontario et consent ànstituer tout litige qui pourrait déuler
de la prénte auprèdes tribunaux situédans le district judiciaire de York,
province d'Ontario. Au cas oùs auriez des questions concernant cette licence
ou que vous dériez vous mettre en rapport avec Microsoft pour quelque raison
que ce soit, veuillez contacter la succursale Microsoft desservant votre pays,
dont l'adresse est fournie dans ce produit, ou éivez à Microsoft Sales
Information Center, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399. The
following MICROSOFT GUARANTEE applies to you if you acquired this Software in
any other country: Statutory rights not affected - The following guarantee is
not restricted to any territory and does not affect any statutory rights that
you may have from your reseller or from Microsoft if you acquired the Software
directly from Microsoft. If you acquired the Software or any support services
in Australia, New Zealand or Malaysia, please see the "Consumer rights"
section below. The guarantee - The Software is designed and offered as a
general-purpose software, not for any user's particular purpose. You accept
that no Software is error free and you are strongly advised to back-up your
files regularly. Provided that you have a valid license, Microsoft guarantees
that a) for a period of 90 days from the date of receipt of your license to
use the Software or the shortest period permitted by applicable law it will
perform substantially in accordance with the written materials that accompany
the Software; and b) any support services provided by Microsoft shall be
substantially as described in applicable written materials provided to you by
Microsoft and Microsoft support engineers will use reasonable efforts, care
and skill to solve any problem issues. In the event that the Software fails to
comply with this guarantee, Microsoft will either (a) repair or replace the
Software or (b) return the price you paid. This guarantee is void if failure
of the Software results from accident, abuse or misapplication. Any
replacement Software will be guaranteed for the remainder of the original
guarantee period or 30 days, whichever period is longer. You agree that the
above guarantee is your sole guarantee in relation to the Software and any
support services. Exclusion of All Other Terms - To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law and subject to the guarantee above, Microsoft
disclaims all warranties, conditions and other terms, either express or
implied (whether by statute, common law, collaterally or otherwise) including
but not limited to implied warranties of satisfactory quality and fitness for
particular purpose with respect to the Software and the written materials that
accompany the Software. Any implied warranties that cannot be excluded are
limited to 90 days or to the shortest period permitted by applicable law,
whichever is greater. Limitation of Liability - To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law and except as provided in the Microsoft Guarantee,
Microsoft and its suppliers shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever
(including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business
interruption, loss of business information or other pecuniary loss) arising
out of the use or inability to use the Software, even if Microsoft has been
advised of the possibility of such damages. In any case Microsoft's entire
liability under any provision of this Agreement shall be limited to the amount
actually paid by you for the Software. These limitations do not apply to any
liabilities that cannot be excluded or limited by applicable laws. Consumer
rights - Consumers in Australia, New Zealand or Malaysia may have the benefit
of certain rights and remedies by reason of the Trade Practices Act and
similar state and territory laws in Australia, the Consumer Guarantees Act in
New Zealand and the Consumer Protection Act in Malaysia in respect of which
liability cannot lawfully be modified or excluded. If you acquired the
Software in New Zealand for the purposes of a business, you confirm that the
Consumer Guarantees Act does not apply. If you acquired the Software in
Australia and if Microsoft breaches a condition or warranty implied under any
law which cannot lawfully be modified or excluded by this agreement then, to
the extent permitted by law, Microsoft's liability is limited, at Microsoft's
option, to: (i) in the case of the Software: a) repairing or replacing the
Software; or b) the cost of such repair or replacement; and (ii) in the case
of support services: a) re-supply of the services; or b) the cost of having
the services supplied again. Should you have any questions concerning this
HOME-USE EULA, or if you desire to contact Microsoft for any reason, please
use the address information enclosed in this Software to contact the Microsoft
subsidiary serving your country or visit Microsoft on the World Wide Web at
http://www.microsoft.com.
